				Common Web Developer Interview Question.

1. Q: Tell Me About Yourself?
Ans:
	I am a positive, enthusiastic, and competent web developer who a couple of years, has built up a
	diverse range of skills, qualities, and attributes that guarantee I will perform highly in this role.
	I have extensive experience working both alone and as part of a team on challenging web
	development project that requires outstanding creative and technical capabilities.
	I take my job as a web developer seriously and this means I always ensure my skills are kept up to
	date within this rapidly changing industry.
	If you hire me as your web developer, I assure you I will fit into your team quickly. The work I carry
	out will be consistent to a first-class standard.

2. Q: Why Do you want to work for our company as a web developer??
Ans:
	There are lots of web developer jobs out there, but I want one where I am going to be challenged
	and where the skills and qualifications, I have built up are going to be put to good use.
	I carried out lots of research into your organization prior to submitting my resume/CV, and the
	work you do, the products and services you offer, and the way you support our employees tell me
	this is a great place to work.
	I am seeking long-term employment with the same company where I can really immerse myself
	into their brand and their online ambitions, and this is genuinely the only place I want to work as a
	web developer.

3. Q: What are the responsibilities of a web developer?
Ans:
	A web developer designs, develops, enhances, tests, and deploys web applications with an end goal
	of creating engaging and user-friendly site layout and function. A developer gathers and defines
	requirements, maintains websites, troubleshoots and fixes bugs, follows best practices, and
	collaborates with other teams.

4. Q: In what programming languages are you proficient?
Ans:
	I’m proficient in HTML, CSS, JavaScript/ReactJS, PHP/Laravel, and SQL and I have beginner-level
	proficiency in NoSQL and NodeJS/Express. I always ensure my skills are kept up to date within this
	rapidly changing industry.

5. Q: Can you show me an example of your code?
Ans:
	Absolutely I have a resume, you can access my GitHub account where you can see the code I am
	currently working on.

Question for Examiner:
	➢ What do you like best about working here?
	➢ What are some mistakes people have made in this position?
	➢ What is a goal that you are currently working toward?
	➢ How will my performance be evaluated?


1. What is your greatest strength?
2. What is your greatest weakness?
3. Why should we hire you?
4. Why do you want to work here?
5. Tell me about a time you showed leadership?
6. Tell me about a time you were successful on a team?
7. What would your co-workers say about you?
8. Why do you want to leave your current role?
9. Describe your most challenging project?
10. Tell me about something you’ve accomplished that you are proud of?
11. Can you explain your employment gap?
12. What are your salary expectations?
13. What do you like to do outside of work?
14. Tell me about a time you had to manage conflicting priorities?



